>>> REMEMBER WHEN LINDSEY GRAHAM
>>> REMEMBER WHEN LINDSEY GRAHAM COULDN’T STOP SAYING JACKASS?
COULDN’T STOP SAYING JACKASS? IT WAS WHEN DONALD TRUMP WAS
IT WAS WHEN DONALD TRUMP WAS RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT.
RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT. >> RUN FOR PRESIDENT BUT DON’T
>> RUN FOR PRESIDENT BUT DON’T BE THE WORLD’S BIGGEST JACKASS.
BE THE WORLD’S BIGGEST JACKASS. >> WHAT’S THE REACTION YOU’RE
>> WHAT’S THE REACTION YOU’RE GETTING TO CALLING HIM JACKASS
GETTING TO CALLING HIM JACKASS REPEATEDLY?
REPEATEDLY? >> A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE OFFENDED.
>> A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE OFFENDED. THE JACKASSES ARE OFFENDED.
THE JACKASSES ARE OFFENDED. ALL I CAN SAY IS I’VE HAD IT.
ALL I CAN SAY IS I’VE HAD IT. >> LINDSEY GRAHAM WAS TELLING
>> LINDSEY GRAHAM WAS TELLING THE TRUTH ABOUT THE JACKASS
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE JACKASS THING, BUT HE WASN’T TELLING THE
THING, BUT HE WASN’T TELLING THE TRUTH WHEN HE SAID, I’VE HAD IT.
TRUTH WHEN HE SAID, I’VE HAD IT. IT TURNS OUT THE JACKASS PHASE
IT TURNS OUT THE JACKASS PHASE WAS JUST SOMETHING LINDSEY
WAS JUST SOMETHING LINDSEY GRAHAM HAD TO GO THROUGH ON HIS
GRAHAM HAD TO GO THROUGH ON HIS WAY TO WORSHIPPING DONALD TRUMP
WAY TO WORSHIPPING DONALD TRUMP AND HUMILIATING HIMSELF IN THE
AND HUMILIATING HIMSELF IN THE PROCESS, BECAUSE BEFORE LINDSEY
PROCESS, BECAUSE BEFORE LINDSEY GRAHAM BECAME A TRUMP WORSHIPER,
GRAHAM BECAME A TRUMP WORSHIPER, HE SAID THINGS LIKE THIS.
HE SAID THINGS LIKE THIS. >> HE’S A RACE-HATING,
>> HE’S A RACE-HATING, XENOPHOBIC BIGOT.
XENOPHOBIC BIGOT. HE DOESN’T REPRESENT THE PARTIES
HE DOESN’T REPRESENT THE PARTIES THAT THE MEN AND WOMEN IN
THAT THE MEN AND WOMEN IN UNIFORM ARE FIGHTING FOR.
UNIFORM ARE FIGHTING FOR. >> I DON’T THINK HE HAS THE
>> I DON’T THINK HE HAS THE JUDGMENT TO BE A PRESIDENT.
JUDGMENT TO BE A PRESIDENT. >> I DON’T THINK HE’S FIT FOR
>> I DON’T THINK HE’S FIT FOR OFFICE.
OFFICE. >> AND HERE’S WHAT LINDSEY
>> AND HERE’S WHAT LINDSEY GRAHAM HAD TO SAY ABOUT THE
GRAHAM HAD TO SAY ABOUT THE PRESIDENT TONIGHT.
PRESIDENT TONIGHT. >> I’M ALL IN.
>> I’M ALL IN. TO THE EXTENT I CAN HELP THIS
TO THE EXTENT I CAN HELP THIS PRESIDENT, I WILL.
PRESIDENT, I WILL. >> SO LINDSEY GRAHAM WENT FROM
>> SO LINDSEY GRAHAM WENT FROM "I’VE HAD IT WITH DONALD TRUMP"
"I’VE HAD IT WITH DONALD TRUMP" TO "I’M ALL IN."
TO "I’M ALL IN." SO WHO IS THE WORLD’S BIGGEST
SO WHO IS THE WORLD’S BIGGEST JACKASS NOW?
JACKASS NOW? TODAY LINDSEY GRAHAM MET WITH
TODAY LINDSEY GRAHAM MET WITH THE PRESIDENT WHO HE SAID IS
THE PRESIDENT WHO HE SAID IS CRAZY AND NOT FIT TO BE THE
CRAZY AND NOT FIT TO BE THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES,
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, AND ACCORDING TO LINDSEY GRAHAM,
AND ACCORDING TO LINDSEY GRAHAM, HE GAVE THE PRESIDENT SOME
HE GAVE THE PRESIDENT SOME ADVICE ON HOW TO HANDLE THE
ADVICE ON HOW TO HANDLE THE MULTIPLE INVESTIGATIONS INTO THE
MULTIPLE INVESTIGATIONS INTO THE PRESIDENT’S ACTIVITIES.
PRESIDENT’S ACTIVITIES. A BLOOMBERG REPORT SAID GRAHAM
A BLOOMBERG REPORT SAID GRAHAM SAID HE TOLD TRUMP TO, QUOTE,
SAID HE TOLD TRUMP TO, QUOTE, LISTEN TO HIS LAWYERS, FIGHTS
LISTEN TO HIS LAWYERS, FIGHTS BACK APPROPRIATELY, BUT JUST
BACK APPROPRIATELY, BUT JUST KEEP YOUR HEAD DOWN AND KEEP
KEEP YOUR HEAD DOWN AND KEEP DOING YOUR JOB.
DOING YOUR JOB. CHALLENGE THEM TO FIX PROBLEMS.
CHALLENGE THEM TO FIX PROBLEMS. PRESIDENT CLINTON WAS A PRETTY
PRESIDENT CLINTON WAS A PRETTY GOOD MODEL.
GOOD MODEL. CLINTON KEPT HIS FOCUS ON BEING
CLINTON KEPT HIS FOCUS ON BEING THE PRESIDENT.
THE PRESIDENT. SO NOW CLINTON WAS A PRETTY GOOD
SO NOW CLINTON WAS A PRETTY GOOD MODEL WHEN HE WAS UNDER
MODEL WHEN HE WAS UNDER INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. IT TURNS OUT IF YOU’RE PATIENT,
IT TURNS OUT IF YOU’RE PATIENT, LINDSEY GRAHAM WILL REFUTE JUST
LINDSEY GRAHAM WILL REFUTE JUST ABOUT EVERYTHING LINDSEY GRAHAM
ABOUT EVERYTHING LINDSEY GRAHAM HAS EVER SAID.
HAS EVER SAID. AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE
AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE, AT THE TIME
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE, AT THE TIME LINDSEY GRAHAM SERVED AS ONE OF
LINDSEY GRAHAM SERVED AS ONE OF THE PROSECUTORS IN THE
THE PROSECUTORS IN THE IMPEACHMENT TRIAL OF PRESIDENT
IMPEACHMENT TRIAL OF PRESIDENT BILL CLINTON.
BILL CLINTON. THIS IS WHAT HE SAID THE
THIS IS WHAT HE SAID THE STANDARD SHOULD BE FOR REMOVING
STANDARD SHOULD BE FOR REMOVING A PRESIDENT FROM OFFICE.
A PRESIDENT FROM OFFICE. >> SO POINT I’M TRYING TO MAKE
>> SO POINT I’M TRYING TO MAKE IS YOU DON’T EVEN HAVE TO BE
IS YOU DON’T EVEN HAVE TO BE CONVICTED OF A CRIME TO LOSE
CONVICTED OF A CRIME TO LOSE YOUR JOB IN THIS CONSTITUTIONAL
YOUR JOB IN THIS CONSTITUTIONAL REPUBLIC.
REPUBLIC. IF THIS BODY DETERMINES THAT
IF THIS BODY DETERMINES THAT YOUR CONDUCT AS A PUBLIC
YOUR CONDUCT AS A PUBLIC OFFICIAL IS CLEARLY OUT OF
OFFICIAL IS CLEARLY OUT OF BOUNDS IN YOUR ROLE.
BOUNDS IN YOUR ROLE. THANK GOD YOU DID THAT.
THANK GOD YOU DID THAT. BECAUSE IMPEACHMENT IS NOT ABOUT
BECAUSE IMPEACHMENT IS NOT ABOUT PUNISHMENT.
PUNISHMENT. IMPEACHMENT IS ABOUT CLEANSING
IMPEACHMENT IS ABOUT CLEANSING THE OFFICE.
THE OFFICE. IMPEACHMENT IS ABOUT RESTORING
IMPEACHMENT IS ABOUT RESTORING HONOR AND INTEGRITY TO THE
HONOR AND INTEGRITY TO THE OFFICE.
OFFICE. >> UNFORTUNATELY FOR LINDSEY
>> UNFORTUNATELY FOR LINDSEY GRAHAM, THERE IS NO SENATE
GRAHAM, THERE IS NO SENATE PROCESS FOR RESTORING THE HONOR